ignore content repo warning (#2469)
demisto/demisto-sdk: README.md

Demisto-SDK commands work best when called from the content directory or any of its subfolders.
To run Demisto-SDK commands from other folders, you may set the `DEMISTO_SDK_CONTENT_PATH` environment variable.

> To ignore a warning about running `demisto-sdk` in a `content` repository, set the `DEMISTO_SDK_IGNORE_CONTENT_WARNING` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend running all demisto-SDK commands from a folder with a git repo, or any of its subfolders. To suppress warnings about running commands outside of a content repo folder, set the `DEMISTO_SDK_IGNORE_CONTENT_WARNING` environment variable.
```
